## 第一章

1. How long have you worked on board?

   I have worked  on board for five years.

2. Which certificate do you have now?

   I have the 4th engineer certificate.

3. What is your marital status? How many departments are there on board?

   I am single. There are three departments on board, such as engine, deck and service department.

4. How many  people are there in your family?Are you married?

   There are three people in my family. No, I'm not married.	

5. How many countries have you ever been to?

   I have been to three countries, such as America, Japan and Canada.

6. When did you begin to work on board? Which kind of ship have you worked on?

   I began to work on board in 2020. I have worked on  a cargo ship.

7.  How many important canals are there all over the world?

   There are two important canals all over the world, there are the Panama canal and Suez canal

8. Can you tell me what is the most important thing for a seafarer?

   Safety is the most important thing for a seafarer.

9. What kinds of main engine and generator engine have you worked on?

   The main engines are Sulzer, Man B & W and so on. The generator engines are Yama, Watsila and so on

10. Which classification society is your ship registered with?

    CCS.

11. Have you worked any ship that caused damage in critical equipment?（你工作过的船发生过重大机损吗？
    Yes, I have worked on a cargo ship that the main engine had been damaged.是的，我工作过的货船主机损坏过
12. How do you make your maintenance schedules?（如何制定你们的维修保养计划？）
      It is based on ship’s planed maintenance system and the machinery running hours records.（它基于船舶计划维护保养体系和机器机械的运转时间记录）

​	

